This is still not finished. 
It seems like there is an endless amount of editing. 
The CSS is bad and it is arduous to go through and try to fix and adjust things and it doesn't change in browser. 
Still needs a lot of editing, I have files I didn't use and comments and console.logs I haven't taken out. 
I am very disappointed in this project, I just cannot work fast enough and I did not have enough time. 
It is too big and awkward and too difficult to keep track of activities, routines, edit pages, element tags for styling. 
I was trying to get the Edit Activity to work. 
I tried to do exactly what Nick showed me to do in My Routines to display the current information that the user wants to edit. 
Of course it didn't work, even though it is the exact same process. 

Most of this was working, but I am never sure.  When I click around, sometimes I get the error in console 'process not defined' and the 
screen locks up. 
I did not have enough time on this, it was too confusing. 
My component file got out of hand. 
This was extremely disappointing, exhausting, complicated and not enough time.  
I spent too much time not being able to get code to work.  When I think I was following the logic of how it should be working.
There are similarities. Like adding something/creating something. I thought the same process would work on a different step, but 
it always took too long to get it to work. 
I did not know I would need so many API calls.  I modeled this after Stranger Things and Art Collector.
However, I should have been able to get the one API function to work, but didn't have time to refactor the APP.
Also, whenver I refactor something, it will make something else not work, so it is too exhausting to try to do that, expecially when running out of time.
The ternary on the LOG OUT/LOG IN does not always display correctly, WHY? It should be working. 
This was more complicated than Strangers Things and needed more time to work on it. 
I have a thousand more complaints and critiques of this but don't have time. 
